Transaction service - style updates (#249)
safe-global/safe-docs: safe-core-api/safe-transaction-service.md

# Safe Transaction Service

Safe Transaction Service keeps track of transactions sent via Safe contracts. It indexes these transactions using events (L2 chains) and tracing (L1 chains) mechanisms.

**Key Features:**  

- [**Blockchain indexing**](#blockchain-indexing): Executed transactions, configuration changes, ERC-20/721 transfers, and onchain confirmations are automatically indexed from the blockchain.

> - [**Offchain transaction signatures**](#offchain-transaction-signatures): Transactions are sent to the service, enabling offchain signature collection. This feature helps inform owners about pending transactions awaiting confirmation for execution.

Reviewer: Off-chain signatures are not mandatory, but a very conveninent feature that is optional (used by default in our Web app).
```suggestion
- [**Offchain transaction signatures**](#offchain-transaction-signatures): Transactions can be sent to the service, enabling offchain signature collection. This feature helps inform owners about pending transactions awaiting confirmation for execution.
```
